look at this and solve it We are designing a ticket purchasing website to sell tickets at our annual conference: GroundBreak. This website will allow users from our customer companies and prospects to purchase tickets to the event for themselves and attendees from their companies. The website will provide its service to customers and prospects across the globe, in at least ten time zones. We want these users to have a good experience. The conference will have both physical and virtual attendance. There is no limit for virtual attendance, but there are capacity limits on physical attendance. You are the lead developer on the team. Your UX designer has provided you with [these mocks](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Cw2FEJrSWyWrTzECI_VphEJQgp3l7u5a/view?usp=sharing) detailing what each screen could look like and how the user experience (UX) will flow. You will review the UX, providing advice on how to improve it. You will determine the objects to be persisted, and how to organize the data. After that, we will discuss how the client and server will be organized, with which areas of responsibility, and how they will communicate with an API of some kind. We will then talk about how the work is to be accomplished and delivered, with quality. Finally, we will review techniques, tools, and services that can be used to observe our website. This is a conversation; we won't actually be *building* anything. However, the purpose of the conversation is to help us understand where you are on your developer journey -- how much you know about, and have experienced, building scalable, available, web sites -- from nothing to everything. Please don't worry! Everyone doesn't know something, and our goal is to find a path to success for everyone. During our conversation we will discuss the following: - Can you think of any improvements to the features UX? - How will the team manage the application state? - What will be the concerns of the client and the server? - What is the layout of the application and its components? - What technologies will the team be required to use? - What code standards will be implemented for the project? Why? - How will the team break down the deliverables? - How will you organize the development work, break it down, and have it delivered, in the form of a working website? - How do you ensure that the code delivered is actually doing what it is supposed to be doing? - Do you foresee any performance concerns? - What tools, services or techniques will you use to ensure that the web server is actually doing the work it should be, and, when problems occur, quickly identify their source? - Bonus (if there is time): What are the typical components of a modern, scalable, available web app? You will be the one making the final decisions. You will be evaluated on your ability to thoroughly explain your ideas, answer questions, with reasonable clarity. For this session, we use the following rubric: - Viability of the Solution, - Progress & Time Management, - Feedback & Collaboration, - Presentation & Articulation. We hope you will start at a high level, and dive into details where needed, or asked.
